**Discipline**

Discipline, at first glance, might seem like a negative word, but to me, it's something very important and positive. ​ We often hear discipline used in a negative way, like when we say, "this child has no discipline." But it's more accurate to say that the child might be ill-mannered. Children are not naturally undisciplined; they rely on their parents to guide them because they're not as aware as adults.I know I'm not as disciplined as I'd like to be, and it's frustrating when people are surprised that I do sports or eat what I consider a normal, balanced meal. People have become less disciplined in their lives. What I describe as my usual lunch, they call “too healthy”. Discipline is something that is hard, but at the same time it's something you need. It doesn't mean to be a soldier and to get screamed at by a moron with a "better " badge than you... what i mean is to take care of yourself. Having discipline to go out once in a while, to keep doing what you started, do the things you said you would. 

The importance of self-discipline is huge. It builds you, it makes you go further in life. Because if you stay focused, you improve yourself and accomplish your goals.  

Balancing discipline is also important. Discipline is not fun and often restricts the creativity. But it doesn’t have to be that way. Especially with children, balance is key. Because children learn from us, we have to be the ones to teach them how to behave, right? It’s important to know that discipline is very important, it’s something that helps us, not restrict us. As well as the discipline to work hard, you have to have discipline to give yourself space to be creative, to be yourself and unwind. Discipline starts where comfort zone ends. When you start running for example… it’s fun for few days, but then it starts to get hard, and it’s not fun anymore…. Well, to have discipline is to keep going, because you made a promise to yourself. Nobody is gonna do it for you. 

Nowadays people rather think of reasons why they CAN’T , than finding ways how they CAN. The lack od discipline and self awareness is killing the society. People would rather die by the age of 40 from a heart attack than move their body for 40 minutes a day, and eat a piece of vegetable once in a while. And not only that, but they would also rather settle for less than working for improvement. I would never hate on someone with difficulties improving themselves, as long as they try, as long as they are serious about it. Everyone has a choice, everyone has the right to chose how they want to live their lifes, but I admire hard working people. 

And again, It's not about being super strict like a soldier and following orders from someone with a higher rank, that’s not what being disciplined is. You have to be responsible, respect your time and time of others. We all have limited time on this planet, why not mean it count? 

[This part is meh…a bit too much… idk… CHANGE IT LATER]

I’ll share a few things from my experience as I kinda owe it to you. I am still a child in some peoples eyes, and I am. But I think a lot. I don’t talk much, but I listen. And don’t get me wrong, im a master procrastinator. I lack discipline, but that’s the thing, like everithing else, discipline is something you learn, with time. And the older I get, the more I understand that the time doesn’t stop for anyone. You can take a break yourself, but the time has no mercy. So what does that mean? Well, that means get the … up , and work. Like most girls Ive spent many years worrying about my looks. “Im a too fat? Im I too ugly?” When the real question should have been : “im I the best version of myself? Im a happy?”. And there is so many girls telling me “you are so lucky.”. How is working my butt of “being lucky”? Well actually it kinda is. But I also worked for this mindset. It’s a lifetime thing. You have to train your mind to be strong. And again, I don’t consider myself all that, but I have big dreams, and big dreams require big sacrifices. :) There will always be something to work on, but it’s up to us if we’re going to ignore that or if we’ll be disciplined enough to work on it. In a world where people often want things right away, discipline is like a compass that helps me find the path to success and happiness.

[This part is meh … a bit too much… idk… CHANGE IT LATER]

I can’t stress enough that discipline in not about following the rules! It is about self-improvement. Even if it’s one step at a time, one small thing a day, you are already growing as a person, you are improving. There is a saying that  if you do something everyday, even for 10 minutes.  In a year, you’ll be better at it than the 90% of the population. And 10 minutes of your day sounds like nothing, doesn’t it? But watching instagram reels still sounds better, right? Well, we all have a choice. What will you chose? Im going for a run, see ya. :)
