**Discipline**

Discipline can sound as something negative... but to me it's a positive, important word. especially self discipline, it’s the most important thing in life. It's one of the hardest things to have, to keep. Discipline is usually used negatively, as "this child had no discipline", but i wouldn't call a kid ... not disciplined, more like ill mannered, become at that age we aren’t as self conscious as adults, their perception of the world and themselves is way different, they relay on their parents to give them instructions. Most people lack discipline. me personally am not as disciplined as I would like to be, but I also am well aware of that. I hate when people react surprised when I tell them I do a lot of sports, What I describe as my usual lunch, they call “healthy”. People have become undisciplined. Discipline is something that is thought but at the same time it's something you have to practice yourself, you have to discipline yourself. It doesn't mean to be a soldier and to get screamed at by a moron with a "better " badge than you... what i mean is to take care of yourself. Having discipline to go out once in a while, to keep doing what you started, do the things you said you would. 


Discipline can sound as something negative... but to me it's a positive, important word. especially self discipline, it’s the most important thing in life. It's one of the hardest things to have, to keep. Discipline is usually used negatively, as "this child had no discipline", but i wouldn't call a kid ... not disciplined, more like ill mannered, become at that age we aren’t as self conscious as adults, their perception of the world and themselves is way different, they relay on their parents to give them instructions. Most people lack discipline. me personally am not as disciplined as I would like to be, but I also am well aware of that. I hate when people react surprised when I tell them I do a lot of sports, What I describe as my usual lunch, they call “healthy”. People have become undisciplined. Discipline is something that is thought but at the same time it's something you have to practice yourself, you have to discipline yourself. It doesn't mean to be a soldier and to get screamed at by a moron with a "better " badge than you... what i mean is to take care of yourself. Having discipline to go out once in a while, to keep doing what you started, do the things you said you would. 

The importance of self-discipline is huge. It builds you, it makes you go further in life. Because if you stay focused, you improve yourself and accomplish your goals.  

Balancing discipline is also important as discipline is not fun and often restricts the creativity. But it doesn’t have to be that way. Especially with children, balance is key. Because children learn from us, we have to be the ones to teach them how to behave, right? It’s important to know that discipline is very important, it’s something that helps us, not restrict us. As well as the discipline to work… you have to have the discipline to give yourself space to be creative, to be yourself and unwind. Discipline starts where comfort zone ends. When you start running for example… it’s fun for few days, but then it starts to get hard, and it’s not fun anymore…. Well, to have discipline is to keep going, because you made a promise to yourself. Nobody is gonna do it for you. 

Nowadays people rather think of reasons why they CAN’T , than finding ways how they CAN. The lack od discipline and self awareness is killing the society.  People would rather die by the age of 40 from a heart attack than move their body for 40 minutes a day, and eat a piece of vegetable once in a while. And not only that, but they would also rather settle for less than working for improvement. I would never hate on someone with difficulties improving themselves, as long as they try, as long as they are serious about it. Everyone has a choice, everyone has the right to chose how they want to live their  lifes, but I admire hard working people. 
And again, you don’t have to act like a solider to be disciplined, that’s not what being disciplined is. You have to be responsible, respect your time and time of others. We all have limited time on this planet, why not mean it count? 

[This part is meh…a bit too much… idk… CHANGE IT LATER]
I’ll share a few things from my experience as I feel like I kinda owe it to you. I am still a child in some peoples eyes, and I am. But I think a lot. I don’t talk much, but I listen. And don’t get me wrong, im a master procrastinator, I lack discipline badly, but that’s the thing, like everithing else, discipline is something you learn, with time. And the older I get, the more I understand that the time doesn’t  stop for anyone. You can take a break yourself, but the time has no mercy. So what does that mean? Well, that means get the … up , and work. Like most girls Ive spent many years worrying about my looks. “Im a too fat? Im I too ugly?” When the real question should have been : “im I the best version of myself? Im a happy?”. And there is so many girls telling me “you are so lucky.”. How is working my butt of “being lucky”? Well actually it kinda is. But I also worked for this mindset. It’s a lifetime thing. You have to train your mind to be strong. And again, I don’t consider myself all that, but I have big dreams, and big dreams require big sacrifices. :) There will always be something to work on, but it’s up to us if we’re going to ignore that or if we’ll be disciplined enough to work on it. 
[This part is meh … a bit too much… idk… CHANGE IT LATER]

I can’t stress enough that discipline in not about following the rules! It is about self-improvement. Even if it’s one step at a time, one small thing a day, you are already growing as a person, you are improving. There is a saint that if you do something everyday, even for 10 minutes, in a year, you’ll be better at it than the  90% of the population. And 10 minutes of your day sounds like nothing, doesn’t it? But watching instagram reels still sounds better, right?  Well, we all have a choice. What will you chose? Im going for a run, see ya. :)


